What you're looking at right here is my
mission control center. You can see I've
got seven agents enabled. I've got five
tasks in progress. You can see what all
of them are doing right here. We can see
all of the recent activity and all the
tasks. And in my inbox, I can see what
is needed to be approved by me or what I
have to look at. Down here, you can see
the seven different agents we have. And
you can see what they're actually
working on. So, right now, the AIS
marketer is running. And for each of our
different agents, we can control their
instructions, their skills, their
configuration, everything. So now in a
matter of 30 minutes of me coming in
here acting as a board which means I'm
giving them highle goals metrics you
know things that I want to achieve but
I'm not actually sitting in the business
being an operator I have this entire
company now I have a CEO I have a social
media agent I have a marketer that
manages a copywriter a strategist a
designer and a researcher and this is
all thanks to a combination of claude
code and this tool right here which is
called paperclipip. So, by the end of
this video, you guys are going to see
exactly what this tool is, how it works,
and you're going to be able to either
set up a brand new company right now
with no human employees, just you. Or
you're going to be able to build a team
around maybe a portion of your business.
So, for example, right now with my Up AI
business and AI automation society, I'm
not going to come in here and automate
everything and go fire all my employees.
But what I did here is I can automate a
portion of it and then slowly just kind
of like chip away more and more, expand
this organization in here and maybe grab
a different subunit for my business and
try to make that completely AI first.
You can see they're sending me
notifications down here. I could come in
here and I could create new issues
whenever I want and I can say, "Hey,
this is for the AIS designer and this is
for the LinkedIn content strategy
project. Here's what I need you to do.
Here's the highle goal. Work with the
team and just figure it out." So, if
this sounds like something that's
interesting to you, let's not waste any
time and get straight into the video.
So, the tool that we're talking about
today is called Paperclip. It is
completely free. It's an open- source
orchestration for zero human companies
where you can literally have your AI
employees hire other ones, set goals,
automate the entire business. You can
see on the GitHub that they just hit
over 36,000 stars and this has only been
out for a few weeks. You can bring in
your own agents. So, if you've already
set up some custom, you know, open claws
or cloud code things, you can bring
those in. You set goals. There are
heartbeats, so it can actually just be
waking up and checking things all the
time. You can set a specific budget per
agent. So, if I come into the dashboard
and I go to the, you know, designer, for
example, I could come in here and just
make sure that the designer is only
using a certain amount of my money per
month, which means every single one of
our agents, we can see exactly how much
money they're actually spending. Now,
the reason you guys are seeing zero here
and on my dashboard is because I'm using
my subscription. So if you're using
something that is actually paper token,
that's where you get all of the spend
analytics. You can run multiple
companies inside of paperclip. So if you
see on the dashboard over here, I've got
this AIS, but I could go down here and
just add a new company and add a new
company and just keep doing different
things. And so that's where maybe if you
wanted to start up a new idea, then you
would start a company for that. But if
you wanted to integrate some different
like teams into an existing business,
then maybe you could just do different
departments in here and completely
automate those. So for example with this
company this is part of AIS and the
overall goal I set here is you know we
have a community called Amation Society
it's got over 300,000 members but we
want to scale the content efforts around
the community and scale you know like
the brand around this that doesn't rely
on me and my personal brand. So that's
what I'm going to be doing here in
Paperclip. It's got a ticketing system
so everything is logged every
conversation every issue. If I go back
to my dashboard here and I go down here
we can see all the activity and all the
tasks and I can open these up. I can
leave comments and I can see what
they're thinking and what they're
actually doing in here. And in this
specific one, you can see what it was
doing is it was creating some carousels.
This was its first try, so I'm gonna
have to go back. But very cool. And like
I said, you can use this with OpenClaw,
Claude, Codeex, Cursor, whatever you
want. In today's example, we're going to
be talking about using it with Claude
Code. So, I know I was just clicking
around and I showed you guys a ton of
stuff. That's just to sort of get you in
the mindset of what we're going to talk
about today and how it works. But what
I'm going to do is set up an entire new
company from scratch with you guys so
you can see exactly what it would look
like on your end, what you need to click
and what you need to know. So before we
get into that, let me just do a quick
explanation on paperclipip. Also guys,
real quick, I threw together this
12-page document about, you know, what
paperclipip is and walking through how
you should get set up and what you can
do with cloud code. So if you want to
access this for completely free, you can
do so by joining my free school
community. The link for that is down in
the description. But let's get back to
the video. So this launched in early
March, so about 3 weeks ago, and it's
already trending a lot on GitHub, as you
can see with the explosive growth of the
stars. Now, the thing that I think is
interesting is why did this blow up?
Because there's been lots of things
going on, right? We've had like
OpenClaw, which took over, and then we
had Claude Code start to work in things
like remote control and channels and
this idea of like being able to work
more with your things from anywhere and
have them be more productive and
proactive. But one of the founders of
this Dota, he basically explained a pain
point which was every day he would have
20 different terminals running, 20
different cloud code sessions running.
And I've definitely been there. I'm sure
you guys have been there. And then what
happens is yeah, you have all this
proactivity. But then when you come
back, you're like, okay, I forgot which
one's doing what and I forgot like what
I asked and I forgot like, you know, I I
just don't have as much visibility as
I'd like. So it seems like paperclipip
is solving a major pain point of
figuring out all of that orchestration
and keeping everything kind of
synchronized in one place with different
sessions being able to actually
understand the overall goal that we're
working towards. But anyways, it is
fully open source. It actually has MIT
license. And then here's a little bit
about how it works. Right now when you
just go ahead and launch it up, you're
going to launch it from a terminal and
then it's going to open up, you know,
obviously this pretty dashboard. This by
default will be in a local host. So it
only works on this machine. But what you
could do is you could set it up on a VPS
or something else. So you could access
this from anywhere. But anyways, what
you're going to do to get started is
you're either going to go to the GitHub
or you're going to go to right here,
paperclip. I will put a link in the
description. And you literally just
click on get started. And what happens
is it brings you down here to this
command. And that's all you have to run
in your terminal. So if I copy this and
I go to my terminal, and don't worry if
you don't want to be in a terminal, you
don't have to. You just paste this in.
And then what it's going to do is it's
going to bring up the actual server. As
you can see, it just opened up my
computer and it would bring you to this
local host where you would now onboard.
And because I've already onboarded, I
don't have to go through that. But
basically, it would look like this. It
would say, "Okay, cool. Name your
company." So, let me set up some example
stuff here. So, we're building a company
called Proof Shot. The mission and goal
is to give our customers a link. And
basically, they'll be able to record a
testimonial and then AI cleans it up and
is able to let us embed that on our
website or things like that. So, this is
just an example. And so, let's go ahead
and get started with this company. We
have to create our first agent. So, this
doesn't have to be a CEO, but we're
going to go ahead and do a CEO. And once
again, because this is running locally,
if you already are authenticated into
Cloud Code, you know, somewhere else on
your terminal, then it will just be able
to connect pretty much immediately. For
the model, you have a choice. Right now,
let's just go ahead and go with Sonnet
4.6. And then you can just run a quick
test to see if it can actually hit the
CLI and respond. And you can see we just
passed. So, I'm going to go on to the
next step, which is our first task. So,
this is kind of the default prompt. It's
going to say, "Hey, this is the first
task. hire your first engineer and
create a hiring plan. And this is
obviously going to the CEO. We also have
a quick description here. So, this is
where maybe you could add a little bit
of background context about your
business. And you could maybe even
change this if you know that there's a
different initial project you want to
work on. But for the sake of the demo,
let's just go ahead and let our CEO make
a first hire. So, we're going to move on
and then we're going to say, okay, this
all looks good. Let's go ahead and start
this company. So now in our paperclip
dashboard we have AIS that we could go
look at and you know things are running
and working here or we can see our new
company proofshot and we can get
familiarized with this environment here.
So what you'll notice is that we have
one agent running right now and this is
the CEO. So what I can do is I can
either you know click right here on this
task which is number one hire your first
engineer and we can see it right here
actually running. So this is basically
the way that it's running you know in
cloud code when you talk to it. It's
creating a plan. It you know executes
commands it can do web fetches. it can
do the things that cloud code can
natively do and then it's basically
going to give us a task in our inbox and
it's going to say hey approve this or
hey you know leave a comment here and
that's how we're able to manage it real
quick also while this is running let's
go ahead to the actual agent because
right now you know we only have one we
only have our CEO let's take a look at
what we're actually looking at with our
agent configuration right here what we
can do is we can assign a task or we can
run a heartbeat now what exactly is a
heartbeat so native heartbeats is one of
the things that made openclaw blow up
because it felt felt way more proactive.
And basically what it means is it just
keeps the agents running. So the agents
basically wake up on a schedule, whether
that's every 4 hours, as you can see,
every 8 hours or every 12 hours. And
when they wake up, it's almost as if
they were just born. So they wake up
with fresh context and fresh memory,
which is why it's important that they
have to check their work, they look at
their tasks, they get familiarized with
their environment first, and that's how
they're able to just keep working around
the clock. So you may be wondering once
they wake up, how do they know what to
do? And that's where you could come in
here to the instructions. And what
you'll notice is that the CEO has four
different files. It has an agents file,
a heartbeat file, a soul file, and a
tools file. So these files basically
work together to make sure that every
time the CEO wakes up, it knows what's
going on. So you can see here you're the
CEO. Here's your directory, blah blah
blah. Here's how you use memory and
planning. Here's some safety
considerations. And here are some other
references to use. And a quick
explanation of these, the heartbeat is
execution and extraction checklist. It
runs on every heartbeat. The soul is who
you are and how you should act. And the
tools are tools that you have access to.
And these files of course are going to
evolve and grow over time. And you can
also come in here and manually add
things or delete things yourself. You
can see the soul is a CEO persona. So
you own the P&L. You default to action.
You hold the long view while executing
the near-term. You protect focus hard.
You can also customize the voice and
tone and anything else that you want in
a CEO. Now what else is cool is you may
have just installed paperclipip and be a
little confused about it. And there's
two things that make this a ton ton
better. The first one is the fact that
natively all of these agents will
understand Paperclip. They have all of
these paperclip skills already installed
and already loaded up so that when you
tell it to do things, it knows exactly
how Paperclip works and how it needs to
actually do things. Now, the other thing
that I did which is super super helpful,
some people might say it's overkill, but
I definitely don't think so, is I set up
my Cloud Code project to understand
Paperclip and to help me get everything
configured. I even went as far as to
create a paperclip project in my um
executive assistant here so it
understands this because here's what it
knows. It understands the full paperclip
architecture, the API, the heartbeat
protocol, how we could eventually move
this over to a VPS. It understands all
of that. The agents I have in there, the
secrets I have in there, how to query
everything, the gotchas, and it can help
me as I want to expand this with
monitoring, with configuring, with
adding secrets, new agents, like I said,
planning the VPS migration. And this is
basically just going to be like my
partner in crime when I need help doing
something with paperclipip because the
way I feel about things is I don't
always know everything, right? And we're
human so we forget things. But if you
can set up a project where you give it
the GitHub repo, it's open source,
right? So it can know everything about
it. You give it the G GitHub repo, you
let it look at X to see how people are
using it, you let it do its own research
and find its own things and it's going
to help you use tools so so much better.
So that's why I set up a cloud code
project to help me out with my paperclip
projects in here. And as you use
Paperclip more, you'll get more used to
it and you might not need that cloud
code agent as much, but to get set up
and to get oriented, I think it's a
great idea. We can continue on in the
configuration. We could change the name,
the title. We could also change who it
reports to and what the capabilities
are. And here's where you could change
the actual adapter. So, per agent, you
can have a different model. You can have
a different provider. And that's where
it gets so so cool because you can
really customize this, you know, org
chart to be specialized agents for
specific tasks. Now, there's so many
settings in here. Of course, you can do
things like um letting them actually
assign tasks or letting them actually
create new agents. There's a lot of
things to play with, but we're just
going to keep it simple, and I'm going
to keep moving along here and building
this company. So, we can also see the
runs that they're doing. So, right now,
there's only been one. And it looks like
it's actually sitting in our inbox
waiting for us. So, I'll get to that in
a sec. And then, of course, you come to
the budget, and this is where you can
actually enable a budget to keep things
in check. So, I'm going to go ahead and
go back to the dashboard, see what's
going on. And we can see we have one
pending approval. So, I'll click on
this. It brings us to the approval box
and we can see what it wants to do is
the CEO has requested to hire an
engineer, a founding fullstack engineer
with capabilities of, you know,
integrations, design, database, front
end. Um, and it sounds like for our kind
of like SAS product we're building here,
we're building this company around, we
need this. So, I'm going to go ahead and
approve that. And what that does is it
creates a new linked issue. I'll see if
I click into this what's going on. We
can see that this is now running once
again. And the CEO is getting this
engineer set up. You'll see if I come
down here to the agents, we actually
have an engineer now. And this engineer
has been set up. Currently, it just has
very minimal instructions. It doesn't
have much to do here. Really, all it has
is just the paperclip skills. And it's
sitting here and waiting for the CEO to
build a plan and to assign some work to
it. You can see the CEO just started up
a bunch of tasks. And now the engineer
has five things going on. So, if I go
back to the dashboard, we can see all of
the stuff that is going on. I'm going to
go ahead and go to the issues to see
what tasks were made. We have milestone
one, which is an MVP core backend.
Milestone 2 is an AI processing
pipeline. Front end recording UI,
embedible testimonial card, blah blah
blah. But what I noticed now is that we
don't have anyone kind of assuring the
quality. And what I've noticed is that
we're not actually putting all this in a
project. And we probably want to cuz
it's going to be building code. So if I
go to projects, we could actually sync
this to a GitHub repo. So it's optional.
Let's just pretend that we're going to
put this into a GitHub repo because, you
know, we want to keep the code base
there. But let's just call this project
um initial MVP. And this is basically
getting our first version of the website
up and running so that we can
continuously improve and refine. We
could set the status, we could set the
goal, and we could also set the date.
We're just going to go ahead and create
this project. So now I can go ahead and
create a new issue. I'm going to assign
this to the CEO inside of our initial
MVP project. And I'm going to call this
migration and QA. So I've noticed that
you've started assigning some tasks to
the founding engineer, which is great,
but we don't have anyone to do quality
assurance. So we need you to go out and
hire a QA agent that will make sure that
everything we're doing is quality,
making sure that it's safe and making
sure that it doesn't have any bugs and
things like that. The idea here is that
you should continuously build and you
keep making improvements and refinements
until you come back to me and say, "Hey,
the QA agent and the founding engineer
are done." So, that was kind of a long
goal, but you can see here we're just
acting as the board. We're giving highle
instructions. We're giving the outputs
we want, and we're letting the CEO
figure out who it needs to hire or who
needs to be, you know, like looped in on
this plan in order to do this. All
right. So, while this is running, let's
talk about skills because you saw that
we could give each agent individual
skills and you also see that we have a
company skills section. You can see we
can paste in a certain path, a GitHub
URL in order to add skills. So,
something that I probably want to
install here is the front-end design
skill. So, I'm just going to go ahead
and copy the URL of the front-end design
skill um repo. I'm going to go back into
the dashboard here and I'm just going to
paste in that skill and click add and
see what happens. Boom. We have pulled
in this front-end design skill from
GitHub right here. Now, if you've never
heard of skills.sh, it is kind of like a
marketplace for skills, um, they're all
pretty much free on here, and there's
tons and tons of different ones for
different types of, you know, processes.
So, here you can see this was the
front-end design. You can see we have
web design guidelines. So, maybe we want
to pull this one in as well. Now, one
thing to keep in mind is they do have
security audits and things like this,
but you still have to be careful and you
still want to make sure that, you know,
you you never ultimately know at the end
of the day. So, just be careful when
you're doing this. But if you wanted to
install this skill, you would copy this
right here. You would go back into your
dashboard and you would just paste in
that path. And now we have added another
skill to this project, which is the web
design guidelines. So we have gotten
this set up, right? We have these agents
working. We can actually click into this
one right now. And we can see what the
CEO is doing. You can see the task is
clear. I need to hire a QA. I need to
migrate the tasks. And it's gathering
context. And we can watch it work. We
can see the way it thinks just like when
you are inside of cloud code. It's just
a little bit different the way you
actually interact. It's much less like
having a, you know, a long ongoing
conversation. It's more so creating
issues, leaving comments, you know,
waking them up on a heartbeat, things
like that. So, another thing that we
haven't talked about yet, which you
probably noticed over here, is routines.
And this is currently in beta. But
basically, we can use the create routine
to define the first recurring workflow,
which is awesome. So, if I go ahead and
I want to create a routine, let's just
say we wanted to do a, you know,
security check and we wanted to do this,
you know, every single night or
something. We could assign this to
someone. So maybe we would assign this
to a QA agent or to maybe a dedicated
security agent and just say every single
day you should be running a check on the
code and checking the integrations to
make sure that we're not leaving any
secrets out there or we're exposed to
any you know cyber security attacks or
anything like that. So now it says after
creation paperclip takes you straight to
the trigger setup for schedules, web
hooks or terminal runs. So if I go ahead
and create this okay well I actually
can't assign it to the QA agent because
I haven't yet approved that. You know,
you can see it's in my inbox. So, let's
just for now go to the CEO. It should be
able to delegate this to the right
agent. But, I'm going to go ahead and
create the routine. But now, this is
super cool because we can make it active
or inactive. We can set the schedule
right here. And we can see all of the
runs and all of the activity. So, I
think this is just super super cool. And
here you go. You can see that we have
our hire QA agent message right here.
And we can go ahead and just approve
this. Now, that is how it's set up on
default, but you can change this if you
want. So, if I go down here to my
settings, you can see require board
approval for new hires. And this is
where you could turn that off and just
give your CEO the ability to just make
hires and continuously grow the
business. So, let me show you guys
something that I think is really, really
cool. And there's a lot of potential
with this. So, we have our organization
right now. Think about in a real
business scenario. Sometimes companies
will acquire other companies because
they have a really good team and they
have like good frameworks and stuff. And
that's essentially what you can do is
you can import companies as you can see
right here. So if we go over to the
repo, you can see that if we go to the
paperclipip company section, this is
pre-built company templates that you can
import into paperclip. So if I click on
this, you can see now as we scroll down,
we have a growing catalog of ready to
deploy agent companies or you know agent
orchestrations that we can just put in.
So we have GStack, we have superpowers,
we have agency agents, we have all of
these different things that we can
actually just import and it comes with
agents, skills, knowledge. So, for
example, with GStack, it comes with a
CEO, a CTO, a QA engineer, release
engineer, staff engineer, and all of
these skills are already in there. And
there's so many different ones that you
can browse. Whether you want to have,
you know, an AI agency, whether you want
to have, you know, some sort of
autonomous AI intelligence company, you
know, this one is specialized for
scientific research. And there's all of
these different types of, you know,
employees with specific knowledge. You
can see these are named after actual
doctors. So, anyways, I just wanted to
show you guys that if you wanted to get
in there and play around with it. It's
definitely a cool way to start from, you
know, like 50 rather than just starting
from zero and building out your own
team. You could just bring in a team
like this one has literally 48 agents,
which is crazy. So, at this point, we
still have these agents running for us.
We still have, you know, the QA agent
just finished something up. I could
check the inbox here and see what's
going on. And if you wanted to have them
keep working on stuff, once again, you'd
make a new issue or you could just
comment and they would wake up, read
your comment, and keep going. So if they
have anything where they have like a
specific blocker or they need something
from you, they will ask for it. Now the
final thing I wanted to talk about was
secrets or API keys. And what you'll
notice is there's not really a spot in
here to have like an environment
variable section or like a secret key
manager even if you are in your overall
settings rather than just your um
project level settings. Now, when I was
talking to Claude Code about this, it
understood that there actually is
something inside of paperclip to hold
environment variables. And that's why
it's really nice to have this because
it's able to help me do that. So, it's
able to create the secrets. It's able to
tell each agent where they live and how
to use them. And that's how my agent can
use things like Blot or, you know, Nano
Banana 2. And just to end off here, I'm
showing you that I can say, "What
companies do I have in Paperclip and
what do they do?" And it's going to list
them out. We have AIS content and we
have Proofshot. We can see all the
tasks. So we can see things and it can
look at everything. So I hope you guys
see the value in being able to use
claude code to help you get all of your,
you know, actual companies inside of
paperclip set up and optimized. So
anyways, that is going to do it for this
one. Just a reminder that if you want
that full sort of like roadmap resource
guide on how exactly you should be
setting this stuff up if it's your first
time, then join my free school
community. The link for that in the
description and you can get that for
completely free. But if you enjoyed the
video or you learned something new,
please give it a like. It helps me out a
ton. And as always, I appreciate you
guys making it to the end of the video.
I'll see you on the next one.